Hi everybody and welcome back and this lecture we're going to be looking at keyword arguments.
So a keyword argument is a name value pair that your past will function you directly associate the name
and the value in the argument.
So when you pass the argument to the function there is no confusion.
Also with keyword arguments the key word order does not matter.
So let's have a look at how we will do this.
So I start off with some comments positional arguments but this is going to change now to keyword arguments
position arrogance was our last lecture.
Keyword arguments Dario.
Now let's start off by creating our function.
Create a function.
Perfect.
And how do we do it.
Well DPF.
I'm going to stick with our book function or book description book description so we have book type
and we have Oerter.
OK there we go.
Don't forget your colon.
So then we have our tree quotes display Boake information.
You always have to put in a description of your function.
Now what do we want the function to do.
Like a last lecture.
We want to print a quote backslash new line.
This is a lever.
Quote There comes a quote there plus type plus book Space book.
Forget reforming a sentence here.
So in your quote you still need your spaces.
Then we print the author
is gone is the OT or is space plus water.
Here we go.
Plus postop OK.
Those are brackets.
No book description.
So we're calling our function here is a function call and like we said here now what we're going to
do is add in keyword arguments in the syntax of a name value pair.
So we have both type and a of type type is nonfiction.
So you can see now what I mean by keyword arguments and or author equals Brad Stone.
OK so you can see here now that like previous lectures we start by creating our function.
Next we have our two parameters book.
Type an order.
Then when we call our function.
So when our functions call which is here we have book type equals nonfiction an order equals Broadstone.
So there's no confusion here.
Now as to what author and book type are.
Let's run this and see what we get.
There we go this nonfiction book.
The author is Brad Stone and like an older electorate we clean this up by use the title method and other
items within our function.
Hope you found his lecture helpful.
And as always if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact me.
Thank you.